contributing/environment.md, before:

# Setting up the environment

### LAMP

The very first step for starting contributing to Rules is to setup a classic
"LAMP" environment: that's a bit out of the scope of this document, so please
take a look at [Drupal Installation Guide](https://drupal.org/documentation/install)
and especially at its [System requirements section](https://drupal.org/requirements).

### Drupal 8

Once you've got your system ready to host Drupal 8, the next step is to go and
clone its repository in the directory where your web server will expect it to be
by using the following command:

    git clone --branch 8.x http://git.drupal.org/project/drupal.git

Please look at the [Drupal Git Instructions](https://drupal.org/project/drupal/git-instructions)
for more information about how to clone Drupal.

Once you finished cloning Drupal, set up a database for it and proceed with the
installation: after it's completed, the only thing's missing is the Rules
module.

### Rules

#### NOTE: you will need a working GitHub account for contributing to Rules.

In order to start working on Rules, you have to visit its
[module page on GitHub](https://github.com/fago/rules) and click the **fork**
button.

![Forking Rules repository](images/original-repository.jpg)

That will create a copy of the Rules repository on your GitHub account. At this
point you're ready to clone it on your working environment under the ``modules``
directory by using the following command (don't forget to replace YOURUSER with
the name of your GitHub user):

    git clone git@github.com:YOURUSER/rules.git

![Drupal 8 modules page](images/forked-repository.jpg)

The only thing left to do now is to head to the module page clicking on the
**Extend** button in the top menu and enable Rules.

![Drupal 8 modules page](images/enable-module.jpg)

Commit message:

Updated clone command instructions and made placeholders format consistent.
Added installing Drush section.

Updated testing docs.

Added a richer developing section.

contributing/environment.md, after:

# Setting up the environment

### LAMP

The very first step for starting contributing to Rules is to setup a classic
"LAMP" environment: that's a bit out of the scope of this document, so please
take a look at [Drupal Installation Guide](https://drupal.org/documentation/install)
and especially at its [System requirements section](https://drupal.org/requirements).

### Drupal 8

Once you've got your system ready to host Drupal 8, the next step is to go and
clone its repository in the directory where your web server will expect it to be
by using the following command, being careful to replace "MINOR_VERSION" and "DESTINATION_DIRECTORY" as needed:

    git clone --branch 8.MINOR_VERSION.x http://git.drupal.org/project/drupal.git DESTINATION_DIRECTORY

Please look at the [Drupal Git Instructions](https://drupal.org/project/drupal/git-instructions)
for more information about how to clone Drupal.

Once you finished cloning Drupal, set up a database for it and proceed with the
installation: after it's completed, the only thing's missing is the Rules
module.

### Drush

Installing the powerful Drupal Shell is not mandatory but it can definitely be helpful during development. At the moment of writing, there's no stable version of Drush for Drupal 8 yet -at the moment of writing the currently tagged release is 7.0.0-alpha3- so depending if you feel brave or not, you can choose either the tagged release or the bleeding development edge.
One way or another, the recommended way to install it is through composer: **be aware that the installation is going to be global and therefore will probably override your current, stable one**. Unfortunately, due to a (temporary?) dependency-clash between Drupal 8 and Drush 7, it's not possible to just install it within your Drupal 8's vendors directory.
So fire the following in your terminal:

    composer global require drush/drush=dev-master

Et voilà, the Drupal 8-compatible version of Drush will be quickly installed for you.

### Rules

#### NOTE: you will need a working GitHub account for contributing to Rules.

In order to start working on Rules, you have to visit its
[module page on GitHub](https://github.com/fago/rules) and click the **fork**
button.

![Forking Rules repository](images/original-repository.jpg)

That will create a copy of the Rules repository on your GitHub account. At this
point you're ready to clone it on your working environment under the ``modules``
directory by using the following command (don't forget to replace YOUR_USER with
the name of your GitHub user):

    git clone git@github.com:YOUR_USER/rules.git

![Drupal 8 modules page](images/forked-repository.jpg)

The only thing left to do now is to head to the module page clicking on the
**Extend** button in the top menu and enable Rules.

![Drupal 8 modules page](images/enable-module.jpg)
